About
-----

Most of this documentation was originally Argonne National Laboratory
technical report ANL-95/18 in the distribution category Mathematics and
Computer Science (UC-405). That version was last updated on Jan 31, 1996.
Much has happened since then, read on.

This work was supported by the Mathematical, Information, and
Computational Sciences Division subprogram of the Office of
Computational and Technology Research, U.S. Department of Energy, under
Contract W-31-109-Eng-38.

This is not the original report, it contains fixes reported by users and
documentation updates for new features.

Acknowledgments
---------------

Thanks to David Levine who wrote the original version of this code
during the mid-1990s.
Also thanks to Dirk Eddelbuettel who was the Debian maintainer from 2008
to 2017 and organised a relicensing by Argonne National Laboratories
under the MPICH2 license.
Also, of course, thanks to Argonne National Laboratories for agreeing to
this relicensing.

David Levine's original Acknowledgments
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Much of the code in PGAPack was originally developed as part of the
author’s Ph.D. thesis. Significant contributions to the development of
PGAPack were made by Philip Hallstrom, David Noelle, Greg Reeder, and
Brian Walenz, participants in Argonne’s Science and Engineering Research
Semester program.

Many aspects of PGAPack—including the user interface, choice of some
data structures, and design of Fortran wrappers—were strongly influenced
by the design of the ``PETSc`` (Portable and Extensible Tools for
Scientific Computing) library. I thank Bill Gropp, Lois Curfman McInnes,
and Barry Smith for many helpful discussions. The code in PGAPack for
parsing command line arguments is a modified version of that used in the
``p4`` system developed by Ralph Butler and Rusty Lusk.
